RULES OF THE GAME

Squirrels and acorns live in a world divided into a large rectangular grid.
Each acorn and squirrel is located at some point on the grid, and each point
on the grid can contain any number of squirrels and acorns.  Between any two
adjacent grid points there may be a wall that blocks passage between the two
points.  A wall also surrounds the entire world.

Acorns are completely passive.  Squirrels on the other hand have a number of
actions at their disposal which are either ordinary actions (that can change
the world) or sensing actions (that provide information to the squirrel).

Each action has a fixed duration.  Squirrels have an energy level which is how
many units of time they have left before they expire.  Squirrels start at the
maximum level, which is 3000 units.  Energy level decreases as time advances,
but can be increased by eating an acorn.

Squirrels can pick up acorns and carry up to 2 of them.  They can also drop an
acorn they are holding.  Squirrels can also build additional wall segments.

GOAL OF THE GAME: The first squirrel to get 4 acorns wins.

A squirrel has access to the following ordinary primitive actions with the
durations as indicated:

- left    1
     Effect: Turn to the left 90 degrees
- right   1
     Effect: Turn to the right 90 degrees
- forward 1
     Effect: If there is wall in front, then the squirrel bumps into the wall,
             is stunned, and loses 750 units of time. (See "look" below.)
             Otherwise the squirrel moves ahead 1 unit.
- pick    30
     Effect: If there is an acorn present and no other squirrel present 
             and the squirrel is not already holding two acorns,
             then the squirrel picks up the acorn.  (See "smell" below.)
             Otherwise, no effect.
- drop    30
     Effect: If the squirrel is holding an acorn then she drops it.
             Otherwise, no effect.
- eat     60
     Effect: If the squirrel is holding an acorn then she disposes of it,
             getting an energy boost of 2700 time units.
             Otherwise, no effect.
- build   50
     Effect: The squirrel creates a wall segment 1 unit long right in front 
             of her.  (Note: a squirrel can box herself in and starve!)

and the following sensing primitive actions:

- feel    1
     Sensing result: the squirrel's energy on a scale from 0% to 100%.
- look   10
     Sensing result: is there a wall directly in front? 
- smell   4
     Sensing result: are there acorns or other squirrels right here?
- listen  40
     Sensing result: a list of the relative coordinates of other
             squirrels who are nearby but not hiding behind a wall. 
